Good morning, babe.
Mm.
Morning darling.
Daddy!
Oh!
Momma said that when
my tooth falls out,
the tooth fairy will
give me some money.
What?
Is that true?
Really, Momma said that?
Mm-hmm.
Yes, it is true.
I want to help you buy
the house in Thailand.
Oh, you want to help me?
You hear that?
- I do hear that.
I think that's a good deal.
I do, too.
Alright, let me
take a look at it.
Hello?
Oh.
Oh, it's very unstable.
But it's worth a few bucks.
That was the fourth
time this morning.
Okay, what does
your day look like?
I have a class this morning.
Then meetings all day long.
Okay, I'm taking Sophie
to school in a bit,
and then I'm going grocery
shopping, and then Sophie has...
Yes, yes, ballet tonight.
I'm guessing I'm the
one picking her up too.
Please?
Don't
give me that face.
- Please.
- Stop it.
You're dirty, you're dirty.
Thank you.
Honey, I need
money for groceries.
Are you gonna play
tooth fairy tonight?
I'll try.
. Make sure you have
a good day, okay?
And remember who loves you.
Greetings and salutations.
Greetings.
Hello.
You must be Mr. McQueen.
Mrs. Hanson?
Please, call me Lizzy.
Ellis Construction's
assets in part use of value.
Well, after
reading the report,
I say we dismantle the
rest of those products,
but we keep the parts
of Ellis Construction
that can excel our growth
and make us profitable.
Micro fiber chips.
Sir?
Yeah, sorry.
Run that, that last
part by me again
the part about growth.
Satnam.
If any of you would like
some private classes,
please make sure that you put
on the form.
- Hot yoga?
Hot yoga as well.
I wrote my number on the form.
Do you do also
more intense classes?
It depends on the need
of the person, you know.
Whatever you need, you know,
I can provide.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- I appreciate you.
Thank you very much.
- Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
- Saturday.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Okay, my Instagram.
Your Instagram is there?
- Yeah.
- Okay, beautiful.
Alright, everybody put
their email address, yeah?
- Yeah.
- And their numbers?
- Right there.
- Okay, I appreciate you.
Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you again.
- We'll see you.
- Okay, thanks.
- Thank you, yes.
Would you
like some water?
Yes, please.
These pictures are beautiful.
You have a good eye.
Thank you.
It's been a while since
I picked the camera up.
Haven't really been inspired.
Did you
do this one as well?
I did.
It's not my usual style though.
Interesting.
Yeah?
Sir, you have a
Mr. Plaxton here to see you.
Okay, send him in, Marsha.
Mr. Hanson.
I have another
meeting in a minute,
so can we keep this brief?
Yes sir, no problem.
Mea Culpa Apartments,
Apartment 111, two days ago.
Again, Apartment 111.
Same two days every week.
She block booked the place.
She's at it for a
couple of months now.
Paid cash.
They should be meeting tonight.
Alright.
Well, as I said I do have
another meeting in a minute,
so thank you, Mr. Plaxton,
we'll be in touch.
Everything's on
that pen drive.
I also got the photos you
requested of the other two women.
Great, thank you.
Hey, dear.
McQueen.
- So good to see you.
- You too.
- You look wonderful.
- Thank you.
No, not now later, thank you.
Hello, Mr. McQueen.
How you feeling?
On top of the world.
Like I always am
when I'm with you.
You're gonna see
me Tuesday, right?
Like I just told you today,
you have to give
it three months.
So, you don't
wanna see me anymore?
No, listen you're
in a positive place.
This is the best
you've ever been.
What if I regress?
Remember to yourself.
Beauty and age are
only in the mind?
Correct.
Why don't we start
with the painting?
The painting?
The painting is just a painting.
You know, every
beautiful thing
has some kind of hidden pain.
What's yours?
Well, there's none.
It's just a painting.
Is it how you see yourself?
Hidden in plain sight?
Yeah?
You see those
pictures of Esther?
Yeah.
Well, I know where
he'll be tonight.
You still down?
Family should stick together.
Fine, count me in.
You're sure?
Yeah.
Good.
Then we're on for tonight.
Good afternoon,
Ellis Construction.
It's me did you get it?
Yeah, give me a minute.
You satisfied?
I gotta go call you right back.
Shit!
Fuck!
665 grand?
That's
right, sir, $665,000.
Thank you.
She withdrew that
this afternoon?
Yes, Mr.
Hanson, in cash.
Uh-huh.
Alright, well, thanks
for keeping me informed.
I appreciate it.
Is there anything
else I can help you with?
No, that's
it for now, thank you.
Thank you for banking
with First American Bank,
Mr. Hanson, make sure
you have a very good day.
My doctor thinks the reason
I can't conceive
is psychological.
Your mind has to
arrive at its destination
before your body does.
My husband wants a child now.
And you what do you want?
A child with someone
I can connect with.
Lizzy.
Sweetheart, is that you?
You're home early.
Yeah, I had to come
back and get a few things.
You having a little bath?
I had a class at the gym.
Okay, enjoy.
You okay?
Yeah.
You know, I never
realized before how
clearly you can see
things from here.
You look beautiful, Mrs. Hanson.
Hey, why don't we
go out tonight, huh?
Go do something or go
dancing at the Grand?
Come back here afterwards
and maybe we can try again?
Most fertile the
next few days, right?
It's girls' night tonight.
Maybe we can do
that tomorrow night,
and then come back
here and try again.
Sure.
I left a plate of food
in the fridge for you.
I'll probably just grab
something on the way home.
I've gotta go.
Okay.
I'll see you.
I love you, Lizzy Hanson.
I love you, Richie Hanson.
Hey, hey, hey, my queens.
Hey babe.
Sophie just got into bed,
and she wanted to
tell you goodnight.
- Alright.
- Daddy.
My tooth just fell out.
I was a brave girl.
She was.
That's my girl.
When is the tooth fairy
gonna come with my money?
When you go to bed.
You have to fall
asleep first, okay?
So, now go to bed.
Goodnight, love you.
Goodnight, I love you.
Mm-hmm.
So, how's the
schedule looking?
I'm down to my
last client now,
so I might come home early
in three or four hours.
I'll see you then.
So.
Here's the plan.
Reported
that the old fire hall
is still burning out of control.
There are no
reports of injuries,
but a three block area
has been evacuated.
And to business the stock market
fell through the floor today.
No one seems to
have predicted this,
so it's hard to know
where it's heading.
Stay in the moment.
Breathe.
That's it.
And drink.
Police in
Canada have smashed up
a multi-million dollar
drug smuggling ring.
Police say the raid was
centered in Columbia
with drugs finding their
way into large city centers.
25 people have been arrested,
and face charges ranging from
distributing to possession
for the purpose of trafficking.
His
legs, get his legs!
Shit!
Hey!
When we have our answers,
we will have our revenge.
I want this guy in a grave.
Mm.
He's
awake sit him up.
Who are you?
What do you want from me?
Where's the bag?
I'll get it.
Here you go.
What do
you want from me?
Huh?
Oh, yeah.
No, no, no.
Who are you?
No, no, no, no., no, no.
Why are you doing this, huh?
Ha, ha!
You know what even
this piece of shit
doesn't deserve to be punched.
You little fuck!
How you feeling
now asshole, huh?
I wanna see his dick.
What?
Yeah, I wanna.
I wanna see his dick.
Shit.
Oh, shit.
You know what, here.
Take a look at mine.
Alright,
that's enough!
I want your PIN number.
I'm gonna remove the tape,
and you're gonna tell me your
PIN number, you understand?
My patience are
running thin with you.
What's that fucking PIN?
Take it easy.
You gonna behave and
tell me your PIN number?
So,
what is the PIN number?
What do you want from me?
This is a felony, you know that.
Let me go, and I
won't press charges.
What is the
fucking PIN number?
69-11-69.
You
waiting for someone?
You're sleeping with my wife?
No, I'm not.
Hey!
He's figured out who I am.
And now I want the truth.
Are you fucking my wife?
Grab his head.
What?
Grab his head!
No, no, no, no!
No, no!
No!
Stop it, stop it!
Stop, stop, stop!
No!
Alright, that's enough!
- We agreed.
- It's answers first.
Are you fucking my wife?
He thinks we're assholes.
I say we fuck him up.
What are we waiting for?
Are you sleeping with my wife?
No.
I'm a therapist.
I feel we have danced like this
a thousand lifetimes before.
Fucking liar!
I am not gonna have
this smug little prick
play fucking mind games with me.
I'm a therapist.
I'm treating her.
For what?
We are bound by
patient-client confidentiality.
Well, right now you're
bound by duct tape, asshole.
I treat people
who have problem:
mental problems,
physical problems,
spiritual problems.
We know all about your
fucking little immigrant hustle.
You're an escort.
I say we fuck him up.
No, I am a therapist.
In a rented apartment in the
middle of the fucking night?
In your car?
Yeah, he's all
fucking class, this guy.
I can explain.
I treat them.
I treat all your wives.
Lizzy Hanson,
Esther Jarret,
Susie Ellis.
Check in my pants
you will see my ID.
I'm legally licensed.
Holy shit
he's not lying.
So, you're a licensed
therapist who fucks his clients?
No, I help them
with their problems.
Are you listening to this?
Where do you get your
fucking balls big enough?
You see the clothes
this guy has on?
Look at that shirt he's wearing.
How much of my money
paid for that shirt?
How much?
- Alright, calm down.
How much do they pay
for your treatments?
Depends on their problems.
Each case is different.
How much did my wife pay?
Per hour!
Admit it you fucked
my little Susie, didn't you?
Satisfaction guaranteed
or your money back.
How much did she pay you?
$275 an hour.
What?
$275 per hour?
Does she owe you money?
No, she doesn't.
Do you know
how much fucking money?
Do you know how
much money I make?
How long have you
slept with Susie?
Like I said I treat her.
How long?
Answer him!
About five months.
And Lizzy?
Maybe six.
How did it all start?
Through referrals.
- Referrals?
What?
Yeah, I'm a therapist.
I have a business.
I have a list of
private clients.
I'm very selective.
So, who referred Susie?
I said I cannot tell you.
So, it's just a business.
You pay taxes.
You provide insurance?
I'm not out to hurt anyone.
I'm just there to save them.
Save them?
Yes, save them
from themselves.
You just manipulate
women, don't you?
I am not the bad guy here.
So, who is?
You tell me, I mean.
Don't you get smart with me.
Then why did she pay you?
You don't wanna know.
- Why?
- Answer him!
Fucking answer him!
Why do you think
she comes to see me?
Why do you think all your
wives come to see me?
You better be careful.
I wanna know why Lizzy lied
about bridge night on Tuesday
and girls' night
out on Thursday.
I'm gonna find out,
and if I don't get a
satisfactory answer,
we are gonna fuck
this bastard up.
Listen, they trust me,
and I'm just there for them.
They want to talk,
and I listen to understand
them to help them,
to help them become wives again,
to help them become
better women.
How dare you sit there and
talk about my woman like that?
You don't know her.
"My woman," you see
that's the problem.
She is someone's
daughter or sister.
My wife she's not a thing.
She's not a piece of meat.
There are a few
things she deserves.
She wants to be respected.
She wants to be loved.
So, you make 'em feel loved.
Make 'em feel wanted?
You see, we connect.
We talk.
We sit.
We watch TV.
Sometimes I read to them
and they fall asleep.
I give them what
they're missing.
It's not about sex.
Well, then what are
you talking about,
fucking respect, making
them feel special?
I'm not here to
break your marriages.
I'm actually helping them.
I should cut your cock off.
Then we'd see how you'd
be there to help them.
I am happily married myself.
Married you're a fucking liar.
Look at my phone
I have pictures.
69-11-69.
I even have a
beautiful daughter.
You're all a drain on society.
So, how does your wife
feel about what you do?
She understand that
I'm helping people.
It's not personal.
Oh, hold on.
Let me get this straight.
You fuck my wife and I pay you,
and it's not personal.
I'm simply feeding my family.
Oh, you know, I'd feed her.
Yeah, she's not bad.
Actually, you know what
I'd fuck her.
How would you like that?
How would you like if
I'd fuck your wife, huh?
I'd give her the
ride of her life.
Susie was right about you.
What did you say?
I said that Susie
was right about you.
Why do you think
she comes to see me?
Because you sleep with her.
No, wrong answer.
Why?
Because I work
hard and I work late?
No.
Then why?
Because you are in denial.
You're losing your business.
Close to bankruptcy.
- Shut up!
You can't repay
your creditors.
You're one of his
creditors, right?
I said shut up.
Unless you know about this.
You know what
you have no backbone.
You are gutless.
It's okay.
- You're yella!
- I said shut the fuck up.
Fucking my wife.
Giving her the ride of her life.
How you gonna do that?
You can't even get it up.
You're impotent.
She called you Viagra.
Get it?
Can't get it up?
The thing is your
wife needs sex.
She's not had sex for years.
Well, good morning, sunshine.
Tell me about my money.
Go get that hammer.
You can still let me go.
I'm not gonna say
anything to the police.
No one needs to know.
Tell me what you and Lizzy
were planning to
do with my money.
I said go get that hammer!
If you tell me about the
money, I can make this stop.
It's up to you.
No, no!
What are you doing?
- I'm gonna enjoy this
more than you enjoyed
fucking my wife.
Where's that hammer?
Get it in here.
To that hands.
- No, don't do this.
Give it to him!
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
- Give it to him!
- No, no, don't do this!
No, don't do it, don't do it!
- Give it to him!
- You are not like him.
You're better than him.
Come on, you pussy!
You know it.
Don't, don't!
No, don't it.
- Do it!
Do it!
- You are not like him!
- Shit.
Hey, you alright?
I'm sorry, I just...
I couldn't.
It's alright, it's alright
don't worry about it.
We just gotta get
back inside let's go.
No, I can't do this.
I'm sorry.
No, listen we all agreed.
We agreed we were gonna
strip him, beat him,
throw him in the grave to
scare the shit out of him,
you know and then send him
home with a final warning,
but not this.
I know, I know.
This is way out of hand.
I know Jarret's
out of control.
I know, you know that I know.
I don't like you.
Listen, I'm sorry
about the business.
I was gonna tell you I
just didn't know how.
I don't give a shit
about the business.
No, I was trying to fix it,
but then I just it got worse.
I'm fucked.
I fucked up.
I understand, it's okay.
But I swear to you,
you're gonna get paid.
Everyone's gonna get paid.
I'm gonna pay you back.
- It's okay, listen.
Everybody is
gonna get paid back!
I've already taken care of it!
Do you understand?
What do you mean?
What do you mean you've
taken care of it?
You're not taking my business.
Lizzy's gonna be
here any second.
Come on, let's go.
- No, I'm not going back!
Okay, then get out
of here, alright, go!
This night he said he
was ready not to report it.
We can all walk away from this.
I'm gonna handle it, okay?
I'm gonna fucking handle it
like I handled everything.
Now get out of here!
I'm telling you, you're
not taking my business.
Over the fence
same way you came in.
You're not taking my business.
Don't let 'em see you.
Don't you dare, don't!
No, no!
- Oh yeah!
No!
Stop!
Enough!
Fuck!
He had it coming.
Look, we agreed.
We're gonna humiliate him,
scare him a little bit
and then cut him loose.
- Where's Ellis?
- He's gone.
That fucking coward.
What is it with you
and these questions?
He's got answers I want 'em!
Lizzy's gonna
be here at 11:30.
- That's right.
- Yeah.
I feel sorry for her.
What the fuck are you
mumbling about, huh?
I feel sorry for Esther.
She used to pay me
just to cry over you.
That psychoanalysis
bullshit don't work with me.
Why you don't wanna
hear about the truth?
About her secrets?
Jamie Jarret.
You think the entire
world owes you.
That's not true.
Nobody gives a fuck,
and that's killing you.
That's why you drink,
you fucking drunk!
Oh, boy.
- Watch your head.
- Okay, okay, okay.
Thank you, thank you.
Come on, for Christ
sakes where's my dinner?
I asked for it,
like, 10 minutes ago!
- It's coming, it's coming.
- Yeah, well come on please!
Just what the?
Clean that up!
You bring salad to the table
that's got no dressing on it!
Clean it up!
You know, I feel bad for her.
I feel bad for your sister
'cause she loves him.
What the fuck have you
been doing all day, huh?
been doing all day?
Get me another beer, now!
She loves you,
and that's killing her.
The truth is without
her you you're nothing.
Just fucking lost, you fucking
moron, and you know it.
You just keep
talking shit, boy.
I'm gonna knock that
fucking smile off your face.
Oh, yeah?
What about the headaches, huh?
Let's talk about the headaches.
Wait a minute.
What about her headaches?
Why do you think she goes in
the hospital every week, huh?
Why do you think, what
causes the imbalance?
What the fuck is
he talking about?
How can you do
that to a woman?
Your sister what are
you gonna do about it?
Shut your lying filthy!
Why
would you do that?
Why would you do that?
Stop, you're gonna kill him!
You'll kill him!
Stop!
Fuck him!
He's been beating your sister.
- This is it!
- No, I'm sorry!
No, I'm sorry!
- This is how rude!
Is that true?
Yeah, I have
pictures on my phone.
69-11-69.
He's a fucking liar.
You've been beating Esther?
- He's lying!
- You marinate yourself
in vodka and you beat my sister!
Fuck you, Richie, what
have you ever done for me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I've been carrying
you for years.
Oh, you employ me
so now you own me?
All she does is take care
of you and you beat her?
You abuse her like a punk?
Fuck you!
Fuck.
I never hit her.
- Ah.
She's dying.
She's dying from a brain tumor.
She wanted you to be
the last one to know.
She wanted you to feel guilty,
to feel pain the way
she's felt for years,
every single day.
Dead.
Dead but smiling,
because then she'll be free.
Esther's dying?
You ever touch my sister
again and I'll kill you.
You understand me?
What you're gonna
take his word over mine?
Do you want me to look?
You said family
should stick together.
You're not my family.
You don't work for
me you're fired.
This is over get the
fuck out of here.
You know what,
Richie, fuck you.
I'm sorry.
We never should've
done this to you,
and that's my fault.
So, how about I
just cut you loose,
and we forget this whole
thing ever happened?
Okay.
My fingers are broken.
I'll take you to the hospital.
I'll pay for it.
Here.
It's okay.
I wouldn't
blame you if you wanted
to press charges.
Press charges against who?
You guys or your wife, Lizzy?
My wife?
Yeah.
She scares me.
She scares you?
All my other clients
understand that
I have a family, a wife
and a beautiful daughter.
But Lizzy she would
not leave me alone.
That scares me.
You're sleeping with my wife,
and my wife scares you?
I have not slept
with your wife.
Don't bullshit me!
I have never slept
with your wife.
All that is just a
big misunderstanding.
Your wife she will
not leave me alone.
She calls me all the time,
calling me, calling
my cell, my house.
She even call me sometimes
when she's in bed with you.
I've known my
wife for five years.
We've been married for four.
You do not know
your wife, believe me.
The other day she
sent me a video
of my wife shopping with my kid.
How does she know my wife, huh?
Maybe you're
telling the truth,
but maybe you're not and
maybe you deserve this.
Maybe this is karma.
Do you know your
wife has a gun?
- A gun?
- Yeah.
She says she will kill me.
She will kill my family,
and then she'll kill herself.
This is bullshit!
You're telling me I
don't know my wife?
I don't think you
do know your wife.
You have to understand that.
She's not who you think she is.
Your wife is...
For me she's crazy.
Please check yourself.
You're right.
I don't know my wife Lizzy.
Lizzy doesn't love me anymore.
All I ever wanted was to
have a child with her.
I think you need to
hear her for yourself.
You need to understand
what's going on.
Why don't you go to the
closet, wait for her to come,
then you'll hear and
then you will understand.
Karma.
That's Her Majesty.
Answer it.
On speaker.
Hi.
Are you there?
- Hi.
Is there a problem?
No, all is well here.
Waiting for you.
Okay.
How long before you get here?
Five to 10 minutes.
Okay, five to 10
minutes I'll be here.
I'll be there soon.
See you shortly.
And also, I know
about the money.
There's something she's going
to do regarding your business.
What, what is she planning?
It's not very clear, but
I'm sure I can find out.
How do I know
this isn't a setup?
Oh, my god.
- Watch out.
Fuck, what happened to you?
I'm okay.
What happened to you god?
I was attacked by a
bunch of drunk guys.
Oh, sweetheart, you okay?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
I'm never gonna let
anybody hurt you, sweetheart.
I know.
Are you okay?
Yeah, can you get
me some water please?
I'm never gonna
let anybody hurt you.
Oh, my god.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I love you.
Do you remember
the beautiful day
at the beach, beautiful sunset?
Dance with me.
Yeah.
Dance like we have danced
a thousand lifetimes.
Yeah, that's it.
Oh, sweetheart.
Sweetheart.
In all my dreams,
I never imagined that
this day would come.
I mean you and me right here,
right now, just like this.
You fixed me.
You made me strong.
You put me back together again.
You saved me.
You fixed my heart.
I know it.
You know, now it's our time.
You know what?
Look, look at this.
I got it.
It's everything.
It's everything that we need
for the house in
Thailand to get set up.
Everything we need for
a new life together.
It's just you and me.
We've got it!
I can't do this
anymore, I can't.
- Huh?
- Listen.
I just can't do this anymore.
Listen.
What?
I'm never gonna
leave my family.
This is a beautiful dream,
but let's get back to reality.
I'm sorry I don't
understand what you're saying.
That story of soulmates
and all that crap.
I think your imagination
just went wild.
What about your wrist?
Lizzy, I was
just doing my job.
I don't understand.
So, you don't wanna be with me?
You said that you loved me.
You said that you wanted
to be with me forever.
I was just doing
my job, alright?
I was doing my job.
Lizzy.
Get off of me!
Get off!
- Lizzy.
- Go away from me!
Please stop it
don't do that again.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
Go away!
- You're scaring me.
- What the fuck
is your problem?
- You are scaring me.
- What about soulmates?
What about our parents?
You said that our parents
both died to same way!
You said that!
Is that true?
No.
You said we were soulmates!
What have you done to my life?
You said that we were
fucking soulmates!
What is your problem?
- Stop, stop.
- What is your problem?
- Stop, don't do that!
- Lizzy, don't!
You said that
we were together!
You said that we
were together forever
and you wanted to be with
me forever no matter what!
- What about your husband?
- What do you mean,
what about my husband?
Don't you love him?
What are you talking about?
We've talked about
this a thousand times!
You know what that was about!
What are we about?
- You're gonna break his...
- No!
- He needs you.
You love me!
What are you fucking doing?
I don't understand!
It's not about me.
No, it's not.
It's about me now,
and I don't need you.
I don't need you!
I don't need you anymore!
- You're crazy!
I have got everything
that I need!
- Lizzy, you're crazy!
- No!
- I mean, stop it!
- You stop it!
- Stop it!
You're the one
that's fucking crazy.
You're just a fucking hustler.
Oh, it's not about the sex!
It's not about the sex!
Oh, we're just playing.
It is not about the sex.
You're just playing.
Oh, yeah, baby.
Oh, I'm just here
to help you, baby.
I just want to make everyone
so fucking happy, baby!
You're just a bullshitter!
You're a fucking bullshitter!
Look at me!
You think I'm a fucking fool?
Do you think I'm
a fucking idiot?
Clearly, you have mistook
my kindness for weakness,
but I see right through you!
You told me that you
wanted to have my baby.
You told me to get
rid of his baby.
I did that.
I got rid of his baby for you,
so I could have your baby!
I'm having your baby!
What are you talking about?
Help me.
In another lifetime,
Lizzy Hanson,
maybe things will be different.
I can't stop thinking about you.
I know you feel the same.
Come on, admit it.
I can't
leave my husband.
We are
soulmates, Lizzy.
What about Richie?
He doesn't understand,
doesn't connect with you.
- No, stop it.
- I need you.
Just stop it!
We can
be together, Lizzy.
A child with
someone I can connect with.
You're right.
- I love you.
We're soulmates.
I love you.
We need the gun for
security, for our security.
How did you find me?
You just tell me what
you want I'll do it.
I feel we
have danced like this
a thousand lifetimes before.
That's it.
- Stop it.
Oh god, I love you.
Hey, darling.
This tooth fairy's on his way
to his daughter with a tooth.
Rough day?
Mm.
Kind of.
Did she bring the money?
Yeah, she brought the money.
On the need of the person.
Whatever you need, you know,
I can provide.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- I appreciate you.
I think this
one's really good.
Yeah, it could work.
Look at that married 24 years,
He travels.
She spends her days at the club.
- Perfect client.
But it's a long story.
I'll have to explain later.
I had to let her go though.
Don't worry.
I have other
potentials lined up.
Good.
How much longer?
In about half an hour.
I love you.
Love you more.